Kem's Bock our antelope known for their
strength and endurance they're being
moved to prevent over grazing
these are very aggressive animals
because we're basically putting them
under stress
we see a whole new sister coming through
now and other unpleasant and there's
always a risk
there's too many foot
first thing we do is when they get into
the crush which is the metal bit at the
end we put pipes on the head because
otherwise they can kill each other you
can't reduce the stress completely but
we'll try and reduce it as much as
possible so that's what the use of
tranquilizers one of them I got up here
which is a tranquilizer that I believe
is used in human medicine for
schizophrenia I haven't tried it myself
but it works very well on me in the game
just giving some room unfortunately we
have a very narrow passageway here with
one facing the wrong way so we should
have try to turn it around and then
hopefully they'll go through in the
suggestion I can't win it when animals
facing you and we panic it it's gonna
run the way it's facing put the horns
down and then I'm coming for you
that's why we use the board and it's
very thin he's a mister it's only like
two two millimeters thick so their horns
do go through it but it just gives us
enough time to jab at the weights well
garni that baby's done there underneath
this one in all the excitement three
baby hem Spock have been separated from
the herd so the team put them in a pan
with all the females that are carrying
milk where they hope the babies will
find their mums yeah we'll probably
given 24 hours if there's really nothing
going on of the best option for them is
to be taken away at it like that don't
like doing it but it's it is the best
option because if there's any element of
doubt they're just going to starve so
what we're going to do is take them away
and start handling them but I want to
give them a chance first of all because
we have got a couple of females there
with others
you